Add uwsm instructions (#850)
hyprwm/hyprland-wiki: pages/Configuring/Dispatchers.md

{{< callout type=warning >}}

> uwsm users should avoid using `exit` dispatcher, as exiting Hyprland this way causes various systemd-related problems after restarting the compositor, such xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland and other services do not restart. Use `loginctl terminate-user ""` instead.

Reviewer: It shouldn't cause those kind of problems, just a bunch of errors in apps due to sudden compositor disappearance. Could you file a bug to uwsm with logs?

Author: I can check it, later, but since compositor-site exit isn't a desirable way to exit the session with uwsm, I think we should leave the warning

Reviewer: Warning/note on how to properly exit is valid.
Scope of consequences needs checking.

Author: What logs do you need?

Reviewer: `journalctl --user` when exiting via dispatcher and then starting again.

Author: https://github.com/Vladimir-csp/uwsm/issues/51

> [uwsm](../../Systemd-start) users should avoid using `exit` dispatcher, as exiting Hyprland this way causes various systemd-related problems after restarting the compositor, such xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland and other services do not restart. Use `loginctl terminate-user ""` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[uwsm](../../Systemd-start) users should avoid using `exit` dispatcher, or terminating Hyprland process directly, as exiting Hyprland this way removes it from under its clients and may cause some systemd services to enter inconsistent states causing problems in the next session. Use `exec, loginctl terminate-user ""` instead.
```

> It's also strongly adviced to replace `exit` dispatcher with `loginctl terminate-user ""` inside `hyprland.conf` keybinds section.

Reviewer: could use a link to https://github.com/Vladimir-csp/uwsm#how-to-stop here

Author: I think it's better to just leave the warning, in this

> It's also strongly adviced to replace `exit` dispatcher with `loginctl terminate-user ""` inside `hyprland.conf` keybinds section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's also strongly advised to replace the `exit` dispatcher with `loginctl terminate-user ""` inside `hyprland.conf` keybinds section.
```

Also, does `loginctl terminate-user ""` terminate the current user or all users?

> It's also strongly advised to replace the `exit` dispatcher with `loginctl terminate-user ""` inside `hyprland.conf` keybinds section.

Reviewer 2: I still don't like this. Why not `loginctl terminate-user $(whoami)`?

Author: This is the command, listed on uwsm page and what worked for me.

Author: And, judging by @Vladimir-csp comment - `loginctl terminate-user $(whoami)` = `loginctl terminate-user ""` in this case.

Reviewer 2: Yes, this clears my concern.

> It's also strongly advised to replace the `exit` dispatcher with `loginctl terminate-user ""` inside `hyprland.conf` keybinds section.

Reviewer: Replace dispatcher with actual dispatcher
```suggestion
It's also strongly advised to replace the `exit` dispatcher with `exec, loginctl terminate-user ""` inside `hyprland.conf` keybinds section.
```
